Scheduling Algorithm accounts for:
	1.	Faculty's preferences, including:
		a) Coures they want to teach
		b) Preferred time they want to teach the course
			or no time preference at all (meaning they will
			teach the time at the first time slot the 
			algorithm finds for them)
			
	2.	Seniority
		a) Based on years of service of faculty members OR
		b) Based on time of submission of preferences
		c) If sorting by years of service and two years of service
			are identical, then seniority is further established
			by time of submission
	
	3.	Scheduling courses
		a)  Multiple sections of the same course are not scheduled
			at the same time and day as existing sections
		b)  Will not schedule a course to a faculty member if any
			of their existing scheduled courses would overlap or
			intersect with the course being scheduled
			(e.g. Will not schedule a class for 75 minutes
					on TR at 12:30 to ProfessorA if ProfessorA
					is already scheduled a class for 120 minutes
					on TR at 11:00.
				  Will not schedule a class for 75 minutes
					on TR at 12:30 to ProfessorA if ProfessorA
					is already scheduled a class for 75 minutes
					on MTWR at 12:30.)
		c)  Will schedule a course to a room if any courses already
			scheduled in the specific room would overlap or intersect
			with the course being scheduled
			(e.g. Will not schedule a class for 75 minutes
					on TR at 12:30 in KELLER207 if KELLER207
					already contains a class for 120 minutes
					on TR at 11:00.
				  Will not schedule a class for 75 minutes
					on TR at 12:30 in KELLER207 if KELLER207
					is already contains a class for 75 minutes
					on MTWR at 12:30.) 
					
	4.  Unscheduled Courses
		a)	Internet sections are not scheduled by the algorithm.
			They are separated from all non-internet courses  by 
			the algorithm, and the Department Head has a form to manually 
			assign Internet sections to the faculty member of his/her
			choice.
		
		b)  All unscheduled courses go on a list (separated by internet
			section and non-internet section) that the Department Head has
			access to and can manually schedule the course to a faculty
			member, room, and time slot of his/her choice.
		
		c)	Reasons a course is unscheduled by the algorithm:
				1)	The course section is an internet section
				2)	No faculty member chose to teach it
				3)	There is no room available for it due to 
						i)		the class size being too large for all rooms
						ii)		there was no time slot open in any room for
								in any room for the faculty's chosen preference
						iii)	no room is available at any time
	
	5.	Manual Scheduling of Courses
		a)	Can only interact with unscheduled courses
		b)	Can not schedule a course if the selected faculty member
			is already teaching at the selected time, or if the selected
			room is unavailale at the selected time.
		c)  There is a separate form for scheduling internet courses.
		
		
					
				 
		